URL: https://www.asklepion.cz/en/
DEPTH: 1













Asklepion

















						EN
						


CS
DE
RU























+420 602 767 764


Non-binding consultation








Our services
UK Partners
Our team
News
Videos
Contact




















Non-binding consultation
Online video consultation






Please leave your contact information and we will get back to you right away.
We will schedule a time and tell you all about your treatment in detail.


Consult with a plastic surgeon online during video consultation.

									Please leave your contact information and we will get back to you right away.
									We will schedule a time and tell you all about your treatment in detail.
								






BRANCH


Praha
Karlovy Vary
Mariánské Lázně
České Budějovice

NAME AND SURNAME


E-MAIL


TELEPHONE






I want to be informed about discounts and special offers as a matter of priority.


By submitting this form, you consent to the processing of personal data. 










											Jana Hrncirova
										


												client services manager
											

hrncirova@asklepion.cz


00420 – 602 767 764



























				Special offers at dermatology department:			

Cryolipolysis Cooltech - non-invasive fat freezing for discounted price 5600 CZK* (regular price 7400 CZK)*the price is for 1 session with 2 simultaneous hand pieces.Deep skin hydration with top Hydro Deluxe fillers, original price 5400 CZK,  price after discount 4320 CZK25% discount on laser hair removal on following areas only:  Armpits, Bikini line, Bikini Complete, CalvesValid until the end of February 2021 only!For more information or to schedule appointment contact Jana Hrnčířová on hrncirova@asklepion.cz or you can call her on 00420-602 767 764. 




				Slimming with a gastric balloon			

No operationNo medicationNo yo-yo effectGives you new eating and exercise habitsGastroenterology department at  Karlovy Vary offers  Elipse - Medsil - Spatz systems of gastric ballons 


					More information				





				It is safe at Asklepion:			

we are always available to you with respect to regulationsour hygiene standards are at the highest level and we look forward to seeing youthroughout your stay at the clinic please cover your mouth and nose with a clean, functional and correctly fitted mask or respiratorif you do not feel well or have a quarantine ordered, contact us and we will find a new date of your visit 


					More information				





				On-line video consultations			

Plastic surgeons of Asklepion Institute are available for on-line video consultations!Take advantages of remote consultations from the safety and privacy of your homes.Contact Jana Hrncirova on +420 602 767 764 or via e-mail hrncirova@asklepion.cz for more information. 


					More information				


0123












						Dermatology care					




									Skin rejuvenation								



									Laser epilation								



									Double chin removal (lipolysis)								



								More treatments
							











						Dentistry					




									Dental implants								



									Facets								



									Teeth whitening								



								More treatments
							











						Ear, nose and throat					




									Treatment for snoring								











						General practitioner					




									Vaccination against influenza								



									Vaccination against tick encephalitis								



									Vitamin infusions								











						Plastic surgery					




									Breast augmentation								



									Breast reduction								



									Breast lift (Mastopexy or modelling)								



								More treatments
							











						Vascular surgery					




									Treatment of varicose veins on the female genitals								



									Sclerotization of varicose veins								



									Treatment of varicose veins by laser and radiofrequency								



								More treatments
							











						Cosmetic care					




									Phytomer treatment								



									Acne treatment								



									Cosmetic treatment of the face								



								More treatments
							











						Aesthetic Gynaecology					










Gynaecology


Rehabilitation


Gastroenterology Karlovy Vary


Sonography Karlovy Vary


ALL DEPARTMENTS









Why choose Asklepion?











									The largest laser
									
									&
									
									aesthetic medicine centre in the CR
								





										5 floors covering 3,500 m2 at the Prague headquarters, branches in Karlovy Vary, Mariánské Lázně,
										Františkovy Lázně and České Budějovice. Contact us to find the right branch for you.
									

360° Virtual tour
















									Unrivalled facilities
								





										3 high-tech operating rooms, an accredited post-surgery care unit, 25 specialized lasers, 13 dental offices, our own CT and a dental laboratory. Get yourself the very best possible care.
									















									Online video consultation
								





										Are you planning to have plastic surgery but live far away? At Asklepion we can save you a trip.
										Schedule an online video consultation with one of our plastic surgeons. How does it work?
									


											Schedule a video consultation
										
















									Interdepartmental cooperation
									
									team of specialists
								





										At Asklepion, we have a team of 40 specialized physicians and over 150 additional healthcare
										professionals who all place a premium on knowledge, professionalism and client satisfaction.
									

Our team











CLIENT REFERENCES











We have the status of a transparent clinic on the Estheticon portal

							This means, among other things, that we agree to share all our patients' experiences, whether positive or negative.
							We stand behind the results of our work!
						 Display more










Amanda

							„For many years I'd suffered from being overweight. I started to exercise and eat healthily and lost
							35 kilos. Although I was very proud of myself, my suffering didn't end. Because I'd lost weight quite
							quickly, I ended up with loose skin around my stomach. Nor did my breasts look as good as they'd done before...
							I still wasn't able to wear the things I'd long dreamed of, and felt too ashamed to undress in public. My
							self-confidence was at rock-bottom. To keep my big tummy covered I always wore very loose-fitting clothes. I
							had been thinking long and hard about having plastic surgery, and was resolved to go through with it. Even though
							I'd seen loads of successful procedures online, I was still afraid and unsure. I just couldn't believe that it was
							all real. And then one day I noticed a woman in a bikini on holiday who had a really beautiful tummy tuck. I was
							amazed at the result. I asked her about it and she gave me the name of Dr Singer from the Czech Republic. Of
							course I was really worried about being operated on by a surgeon I knew nothing about, and in a country that I'd
							never visited before. But my desire got the better of my fear, and so I got in touch with the client service at
							Asklepion. I don't think I'd have coped without Jana (the client manager). She helped me at every step of the
							way to fulfil my dream. She made sure that I understood everything properly. She answered all my questions and helped
							me deal with the fears that I had. Nothing would go wrong: she reassured me that I was doing the right thing and gave
							me the courage I needed. She was with me before and after the operation. Just a great person! Without her I wouldn't
							have managed nearly so well. It was like having a friend by my side, someone I could consult about everything and who
							I could email about anything. No words can describe how happy I am. I'm more than satisfied with the results of
							both operations. Dr Singer, Jana and the rest of the staff, and the loving support of my husband have changed my life
							forever. My only regret is that I didn't do it earlier. I have got a lot more self-confidence than ever before. I can
							now wear bikinis that I could only ever dream about before. No more loose-fitting clothes and hiding bits away! I know
							just how hard it is to decide to go for an operation and find someone you can trust.“
						 Display more










Julia Myrna

							„I just wanted to leave a review for Dr Petr Kubický. You may use it , if you wish, for testimonials. This morning I
							had treatment with Dr Kubicky, but only when I came back home, after examining my tooth in a mirror, I could fully
							appreciate his work. He has done an amazing job. I know it is still a work in progress, but I could not believe how
							great my tooth looked already. Great shape and the treatment, importantly, did not hurt one bit. I think his is very
							skillfull, professional , attentive and his attention to detail is amazing. His bedsit manner is fantastic too. I am very
							happy you have recommended this doctor to me and would be eager to recommend him to others in return. Oh, and he speaks
							english very well which a bonus for me, of course. My dentist's nursing assistants were wonderful as well. Always smiling
							are reassuring. I immediately felt at ease in their company, from the minute one of the nurses greeted near the reception.“
						 Display more










Anna Pavlíčková

							„“I’m elated”, says Míša 2 months after getting liposuction at Asklepion, “I really didn’t expect such a huge change. The great
							thing is that the liposuction also smoothed out the cellulitis on my thighs, so they look much better. When my friends saw me
							after the operation, they were amazed at the huge change. Everyone noticed.” “My pants are two sizes smaller and I feel great”.
							Míša was bothered by wide hips and heavy thighs.“
						 Display more





MORE REFERENCES










News









Slimming with a gastric balloon


								Do you want to lose a lot of weight, learn new eating habits withease, and above all maintain your weight without experiencing anyyo-yo effect? A gastric balloon offers you a dependable method toachieve your new clothes size, better general health, and level ofsatisfaction.							



MORE OFFERS




Videos








Abdominoplasty - Tummy Tuck




More videos




Voucher










									Order a gift voucher from Asklepion and give a present to the one you love.
								




Order




MAGAZINE







								Get the new issue of Asklepion News, your guide to aesthetic medicine.
							





  
									I want to be informed about discounts and special offers as a matter of priority.




      

										By submitting this form, you consent to the
										processing of personal data.
									





SEND MAGAZINE










CERTIFICATES & AWARDS




























More about Asklepion

							Asklepion is the largest facility of its kind in Central Europe with 3,500 m2 of floor space
							in Prague, 3 high-tech operating rooms, a post-surgery care unit, 25 specialized lasers,
							13 high-tech dental offices, our own dental laboratory, 60 specialists and
							over 150 other healthcare professionals.
						

Our Services


Dermatology care


Dentistry


Ear, nose and throat


General practitioner


Plastic surgery


Vascular surgery


Cosmetic care


Aesthetic Gynaecology


Gynaecology


Rehabilitation


Gastroenterology Karlovy Vary


Sonography Karlovy Vary



WE COOPERATE WITH


Medic TV


Asklepion Trade


Partnership with Charles University



Contact

							Londýnská 39
							
							120 00   Prague 2
						

+420 602 767 764

info@asklepion.cz


							Opening hours:
							
							Monday - Friday 8 a.m. - 6 p.m.
						













				Copyright © Asklepion 2017
				 | 
				Developed by New Web Art, 2017















							Do you have a question?
						










Jana Hrncirova
client services manager










							Do you have a question?
						

							Don’t hesitate to give us a call:
						

00420 – 602 767 764 or leave me a message
						










I agree to the use of my contact information to receive regular information from Asklepion.

 






I agree
			We use cookies to ensure our website
			runs properly. For everything to work the way it should, we need your consent to the use of cookies.
		





















