URL: https://www.bistroagency.cz/
DEPTH: 1




Isobar Czech Republic
























































































 



about









bistro is isobar now
We have changed the colours, but our passion for creating experiences stays the same.
Discover fresh ideas without limits:

isobar.com
our youtube
former website







we are
Our agency, previously known as Bistro, has now fully transformed into Isobar. A global agency (member of the Dentsu Aegis Network) that is present on 45 markets, employing over 6,500 people. A culture of many, united as one.
That’s why we are now called Isobar Czech Republic. A fully-fledged member of a large family, fresher than ever before.
we believe
We believe in ideas without limits. Ideas that disrupt. Only these types of ideas can make strong impressions.
We build concepts off of strong insights, fuelled by insights into human behaviour.
We’re curious. We believe in asking great questions, because they spark great answers. We question the norm and push to deliver concepts that move the audience.
We understand that the “Medium is the message”
				Centred around a digital mindset, our marketing mix covers all media.
Great ideas can unlock a box of possibilities. 
				Possibilities that have the power to impact our daily lives.
who believes in us









Google UK, Vodafone, Česká spořitelna, Heureka, Škoda, Sazka, Rockaway, Aquila

ready for new adventures
contact us
FacebookTwitterLinkedInInstagram
Isobar Czech Republic s.r.o.Argentinská 1610/4170 00 Praha 7IC
				01721224 | DIC CZ01721224 | +420 608 832 398





what's popping
#bistroagency taps into the pipeline of Bistronian stories and adventures, in and outside the agency, across the web.





 



		We are a member of Dentsu Aegis Network
		Meet our family









 



 



 





 



 


















































































































 





 



 



 



 



 



 




		Privacy policy and cookies
	





Rupturalism
Škoda Auto - Trumf
Česká Spořitelna - Refinancování
Škoda Auto - Hlas Lesa
Sazka Bet
Adidas
Škoda Auto - Škoda Octavia
Branding
Škoda Auto - HR






break news

Think big and do no less
 With our Rupturalism campaign for Lenovo, we managed to disrupt popular beliefs and introduce a whole new term to the smartphone user’s dictionary.view 








make a decision

Support your choice with the right reasoning
Our campaign for ŠKODA TRUMF helped people decide the way their bright future should take in a brand new ŠKODA car. 








think fresh

Find new meanings and perspectives
For Česká spořitelna we came up with a new and tasty way of presenting the otherwise not very popular topic of mortgages to the people.view 








be responsible

Become inspired by nature
We managed to plant new ideas and strengthen the nature-brand connection for the ŠKODA AUTO CSR campaign with our unique Hlas lesa installation.view 








create emotions

Feel the rush and say it loud
Each game you bet on will bring you even more thrills. We came up with the new visual identity for SAZKA BET to support this sports statement. 








tell a story

Expect the unexpected
With Adidas we went on a long run to bring original and challenging content to the local audience – as in our Unexpected event campaign with famous Czech athlete Gábina Koukalováview 








stay sharp

Always have an eye for detail
We made the ŠKODA OCTAVIA microsite directly reflect the new model and its unique shape, brilliant characteristics and cutting-edge design.view 








love brand

A brand is not just a trendy design
The name, logo, purpose, positioning - we have to carefully consider all of these in the equation when building a timeless brand. 








innovate

Be Inventive. Drive Forward.
An eloquent, choreographed HR campaign that reminds us that “people” drive the innovation of a brand.view 



















