URL: https://nakit.cz/en/about-us/
DEPTH: 1







About us - NAKIT

































About us
Services
Projects
Media
Career
Contact
CZ
 





Covid-19   
            Aplikace eRouška 2.0
            (iOS | Android)
             • 
            Informační web covid.gov.cz
 • 
            Statistiky nakit.cz/koronadata







 

About us
National Agency for Communication and Information Technologies







MANAGEMENT
Supervisory Board
HISTORY
For the media
Public procurement
Documents
106/1999






Our mission
To provide useful and secure services.


Vision
NAKIT is a strategic partner of the state providing communication and information services for the rescue service, security forces and public administration.








Agency management





Vladimír Dzurilla
NAKIT Director




Antonín Chlum
Director of Finance and Property




Vladimír Rohel
Director of Security




Michal Šmejkal
Director of Information and Communication Technology




Ivo Plný
Director of Business and Development of ICT




Vladimír Chrástecký
Director of Legal Services








History
The Czech Post subsidiary ICT Services was established on 27 April 2012 by a decree of the Director General of Czech Post. It was founded as a result of the growing importance of eGovernment and electronic communication in ICT projects in public administration. The ICT Services subsidiary primarily focused on public administration ICT projects related to the operation and development of the state’s critical infrastructure, as well as the hosting and housing of systems and applications.
On 1 July 2016, the subsidiary merged with the National Agency for Communication and Information Technologies, which took over all the rights and obligations of ICT Services.








Supervisory Board





brig. gen. Mgr. Bc. Slavomír Bell, MSc.
Deputy Chairman
Deputy Director General for Economic Affairs, Czech Fire Brigade




Ing. Tomáš Hampl
Member
Advisor to the Deputy Minister of the Interior for Financial Affairs, Strategies and EU Funds




JUDr. Jaroslav Strouhal
Member
Deputy Minister of the Interior, Head of Information and Communication Technologies




Mgr. Jan Ďoubal
Member
elected by NAKIT employees




Ing. Pavel Čech, DiS.
Member
elected by NAKIT employees








Public procurement
Portal of public tenders announced by NAKIT – enter HERE (Czech version)






Documents
Certificate of incorporation (online at justice.cz)
Statute of the NAKIT agency (Czech version)
NAKIT – Internal programme for fighting corruption and other forms of wrongdoing (Czech version)
NAKIT Code of Ethics (Czech version)






Information provided under Act No. 106/1999 Coll.
Price list for the provision of information under Act No. 106/1999 Coll., on free access to information, as amended (Czech version)
Request for information related to human resources management in the state-owned company NAKIT. Ref. no. NAKIT- 2226/PK-2017 (Czech version)






Annual reports
Annual report for 2019 (English version)
Annual report for 2018 (English version)
Annual report for 2017 (English version)
Annual report for 2016 (Czech version)








National Agency for Communication and Information Technologies
                    Kodaňská 1441/46101 00 Prague 10 - VršoviceCzech Republic
                    E-mail: info@nakit.cz
                    Phone: +420 234 066 500


About us
Services
Projects
Media
Contact
CZ
 




 












